docs: update 5.12.0 release notes (#1242)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

[[release-notes-5.x]]
=== RUM JS Agent version 5.x

[[release-notes-5.12.0]]
==== 5.12.0 (2022-06-14)
[float]
===== Features

> * Introduce new config option <<send-credentials, `sendCredentials`>>. This will permit the agent to send cookies to APM servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduce new config option <<send-credentials, `sendCredentials`>>. This allows the agent to send cookies to APM servers
```
